#BEP Facts 

1.	The program, enacted into law in 1936.
2.	subsequently amended in 1954 and again in 1974 to ultimately ensure individuals who are blind a priority in the operation of vending facilities, which included cafeterias, snack bars, and automatic vending machines, that are on federal property. 
3.	Program Office: Rehabilitation Services Administration (RSA): under DEPT. EDU (betsy devos)
4.	Under the Randolph-Sheppard Program, state rehabilitation agencies recruit, train, license and place individuals who are blind as operators of vending facilities located on federal and other properties.
5.	Two group affiliated with Act: Randolph-Sheppard Vendors of America and National Association of Blind Merchants.
6.	Representative Jennings Randolph (D-WV) and Senator Morris Sheppard (D-TX) was the bill's major sponsor in the United States Senate. 
7.	National Federation of the Blind (NFB) Supports the Randolph-Sheppard Act providing an array of programs targeted to blind business owners such as a Randolph Sheppard Vendor.
8.	In the legislation: A blind person means a person who, after examination by a physician skilled in diseases of the eye or by an optometrist, whichever such person shall select, has been determined to have; Not more than 20/200 central visual acuity in the better eye with correcting lenses, or an equally disabling loss of the visual field as evidenced by a limitation to the field of vision in the better eye to such a degree that its widest diameter subtends an angle of no greater than 20°.
9.	To be eligible for the Act you must be Blind, US Citizen, and over the age of 18. 
10.	Some vending stand locations require you to pass their agency background checks to gain access to operate your stand.
11.	Most businesses operated under the Randolph-Sheppard Program are food service establishments although there are exceptions.  These might include: Automated Vending Machines, Vending Routes, Snack Bars, Cafes, C-Stores, Gift Shops, Inmate Commissaries, Cafeterias
